[1]
Rick wanted to move to a rural area after we had our first kid. Said the clean air and quiet would be good for all of us. By the time we drove into the city the shelters had already closed. We banged on the doors, screaming for them to let us in but the doors stayed closed. We only stopped when we couldn't ignore the baby crying, our hands bloody and raw for all the good it did us.

The forest is too quiet now.

[2]
Laura was in the city, living in a dorm on her college campus. I would pray to God that my baby girl made it into the shelter in time, but I do not think any loving god would let this happen. I am so scared, for all of us. The radio frequency the army boys were using for alerts went dark 3 days ago, and I can only wonder if it got them too, or if even they realized there was no point.

[3]
Something keeps scratching at the door in the middle of the night. When Richard goes out for supplies in the morning, he says he doesn't see anything out there, not even a sign of scratches on the door. But we both hear it. We know it's there. It's the only sound that breaks the silence.

The forest is too quiet now.

[4]
The bomb was absolute, blasting everything all away until only the sand and dirt under your feet was left. The forest was far enough away from the blast that all we felt was the rumbling in the earth.

The bomb didn't work.
The scratching is still at the door.

[5]
Rick injured his leg while he was out looting. I'm making the morning rounds now, leaving the house as soon as the day breaks and heading back before the sun can set. Every day I have to travel farther and farther for less and less food. Fall comes, the days grow shorter.

I think this is it.

[6]
If you want to escape this hellhole, there is a way out on the roof of this hotel. Keep yourself safe.

[7]
I don't know why everyone avoids the forested areas so much. Spooked off by the LACK of wildlife? What a bunch of morons. There's plenty to loot around here, ghost stories aren't worth starving over.

Still, don't wanna catch the attention of another looter...or something more unsavory. I'll use my light sparingly and watch my steps.

[8]
- Day ??? -
Rations are low. Going to have to leave the "house" eventually, though death by dehydration might be more merciful than death by the jaws of the beast clawing at the door.

The infernal thing's hide is too tough for my machete or pistol, I only wish it was stupid enough to leave me be and hunt something else, but it's SMART. Watches me through the window when I come up from the basement, trots back into the woods when I look for too long.

I think it'd be the type to play with its food. Dehydration would be better.